Hello, ma'am!
Give us some privacy.
Get out, guys.
-Mr. An.
-Yes?
Do you have any beer here by any chance?
I'm quite thirsty.
You should really know your place, woman!
If you want to be the leader of the wives,
you should do it properly!
So this is what they call
a bolt from the blue.
Ms. Hong, what the hell are you doing?
You heard my husband would become
the president if 13 people died.
So did you encourage your husband
to kill my husband?
What? Are you out of your mind?
Have you gone insane?
My goodness.
Since your husband, who's aspiring
to become the president, is in critical
condition, you must've lost reason.
Get it together
and go home, please.
So you're playing innocent?
As soon as I tell the First Lady,
everyone around you will be questioned
and evidence will turn up.
Will you be okay?
Oh, my God.
Hey, do you call this
delusion or paranoia?
You betrayed your commander
who'd saved your life three times.
And joining in the President's coup,
the First Lady hates you for it.
God, it's come again.
Even though
my husband didn't join the coup,
he stayed loyal to his superior
until the end.
So the First Lady recommended him
to the President repeatedly.
You know that, right?
If she finds out
my husband was
in fact shot
by some vicious insider,
and not by the Northern spies,
how do you think
the First Lady will react?
"Once a mongrel, always a mongrel"
is a philosophy she lives by.
Why don't you
go tell her if you have time for this?
For Code 1
and the First Lady, our party's winning
the election is the most important thing.
So that they can
keep playing at King and Queen.
That's right! Absolutely!
Of course.
The election is in seven days now.
You think they'll side with Eun,
who's useless?
Those people need me,
someone who'll wrap up
the election scheme successfully.
They need me! No matter what I've done!
Well done!
Do you think
they'll keep you by their side
after the election?
Once it's over,
you'll end up like a mongrel
kicked out of a feast.
You wench! I'll kill you!
-No, honey!
-Oh, my God!
Ma'am.
-Let go of me!
-What?
You bastard!
How dare you call me after that?
It's me. Please help me.
What? Hey, what's going on? What happened?
Remember the sleep-inducing shot?
I stabbed the guy guarding me with it.
The rest are all
in the prayer room to eat right now.
What do I do?
Get me out of here. Please!
Of course! Listen.
Go to the washroom
in the basement right now.